Explain the reason for hiding issues and projects tabs (#99)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-http: README.md

For example demonstrations of the usage, go to [Ballerina By Examples](https://ballerina.io/swan-lake/learn/by-example/).

> ## `Issues` and `Projects` Tabs
> `Issues` and `Project` tabs are disabled for this repository as this is part of Ballerina Standard Library. To report bugs, request new featues, start new discussions, view project boards, etc. please visit Ballerina Standard Library [parent repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library). 
> 
> This repository only contains the source code for this module.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `Issues` and `Projects` 

`Issues` and `Project` tabs are disabled for this repository as this is one of the Ballerina Standard Libraries. To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc. please visit Ballerina Standard Library [parent repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library). 

This repository only contains the source code for the module.
```

Reviewer: How about the above? Do we need tabs in the heading?

Author: +1
